have you noticed that people always say
your product is too expensive even when
they have the money or your product or
service is cheaper than the competition
and they're still complaining hey
everyone i'm neil patel and today i'm
going to break down what you should do
when people have money and can't afford
your product
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel if you're on
youtube click the learn notification
look there are a few reasons why a
client may be telling you they can't
afford your product or service even if
they could
when i say that a lot of times i'm not
trying to offend anyone i'm just a
frugal person
and even with the frugal people like me
i'm going to show you how to combat that
and get them to buy your product
the first thing that could be an issue
is you're selling to the wrong person
it's like someone trying to sell a rolls
royce to me if you want to sell a rolls
royce to me or bentley i'm not the right
buyer i wouldn't care for any of that my
car a honda odyssey you click a button
your kids get in super convenient super
affordable that's my kind of car i don't
go to the bentley dealership or rolls
royce dealership or ferrari because i
don't really care about driving and
funny enough driving gives me anxiety
so you need to make sure you're selling
to the right person that person may not
really need your product or service and
they may think that the offer that
you're producing isn't really what
they're looking for and they're not
really ready to make an investment
they also may not be the appropriate
person to be the buying decision maker a
great example of this is i was once
working with the dentist company that
had chains all around the us and they're
like neil we want to create this viral
content that makes all the kids love us
i'm like okay we can do that but kids
aren't really your customers you need to
convince their moms their dads and this
viral content is not really going to
help you
we did it because they wanted it no
matter what got a ton of backlinks got a
ton of engagement sure their overall
rankings went up but they weren't
getting to decision makers like we got
all these visitors why don't we generate
any revenue i was like because we
targeted the wrong person as i mentioned
although i didn't want to say the i
mention part because i don't like being
rude but the point i'm trying to make is
you got to go after the right people
and that needs
you know the right person that needs
your product or service and for them it
needs to be a priority because if it's
not
they're just not going to purchase you
the other reason is they don't have the
confidence in your product or service
they may feel that your solution that
you provide
doesn't really solve their problem and
won't really provide the value they're
looking for
you need to listen and see what exactly
they're expecting to accomplish by
adopting your solution
another issue is they don't trust you
so if you're selling something you don't
have those case studies or testimonials
or amazing reviews and stars it's hard
to build that trust you haven't
established a strong enough relationship
with that prospect sometimes selling
them right away actually hurts you it's
like me going up to you and being like
will you marry me and if i just met you
randomly like you're crazy neil i don't
want to marry you and if you said yes i
should probably run away even if you're
the most amazing person you want to get
to know someone before you marry them
you want to date them you then want to
go on multiple dates and then eventually
move in together and then if they say
yes then you know it's meant to be if
they say no to you at that point
you should probably
think about your relationship
differently but that's the point when
you get people to your website you're
just like hey buy from me buy now buy
now buy now buy now and it comes off as
desperate
you want to get to know people and date
them first and then ask them for the
clothes which is will you marry me or in
this case will you buy for me
your brand also may not be top of mind
for them when there's still a long way
to build trust so just be patient
another thing that you got to keep in
mind is they don't trust themselves not
just you they may feel like they're at
the stage where they won't be able to
leverage your product or service or
fully put into use i know for example in
my business we come across some amazing
products for software there was this one
software solution that would help our
sales rep become more efficient and it
was five grand a month i'm like sixty
thousand dollars per rep
and i'm like i don't care how good your
product is i'm not ready for it but then
eventually
we took the plunge and we bought it it
made our reps four times more efficient
but we had to figure out how to fix a
lot of the problems we had in our sales
before we actually bought that product
so
how do you handle a situation in essence
when someone's not really willing to buy
from you and you know they can afford it
well you want to ask questions like what
is your budget
if offered you a product or service at
this price would you have a deal
be careful not to lower your prices
and here's the thing when you ask
questions like that it'll give you an
understanding of what issues people have
to have and how you need to adjust your
copy and your messaging to convert them
over line
is there a problem with the price or is
there a problem with the product or the
solution or what's expected from it
these questions will help you figure out
how to fine-tune your messaging and your
marketing so you'll get more conversions
and i want you to find your product or
service and figure out how to make it
more valuable to their business once you
get this feedback by just making the
adjustments and let them actively
justify the value of what you're selling
let them explain what they're expecting
as a solution to their specific problems
and adjust to it and when you do that
you'll win that's how you get people to
convert it's not about convincing them
hey you should pay this because of this
it's about what are the problem here's
the solutions and how it's worth it for
you and where worth saving your time
and the price may be expensive but if
you can break it down in an roi format
yeah you may spend five grand like we
did on that software per month but it
makes my employee four times more
efficient that's cheaper than hiring
four more people it's expensive didn't
want to pay for it i could afford it i
wasn't ready at that time and then
eventually once i saw i can make my team
four times more efficient i'm like sign
me up
so when you take all of this it'll help
you understand how to come over
objections which is all that really
happens when someone's not willing to
pay and they can afford it and you got
to figure out how to answer in your
product your service your copy and
that's how you win if you have issues
with converting people into customers
check out my ad agency np digital if you
enjoy the video
like it share it tell people about it
and leave a comment if you have any
questions and i'll answer it thank you
for watching